OBSDOCS-1919: Logging Z-Stream Release Notes - 6.2.3 (#93733)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/log6x-6-2-3-rn.adoc

[id="logging-release-notes-6-2-3-bug-fixes_{context}"]
== Bug Fixes

* Before this update, log forwarding failed if you configured a cluster-wide proxy with a URL containing a username with an encoded "@" symbol; for example "user%40name". This update resolves the issue by adding correct support for URL-encoded values in proxy configurations. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7188[LOG-7188])

* Before this update, merging data from the `message` field into the root of a Syslog log event caused the log event to be inconsistent with the ViaQ data model. The inconsistency could lead to overwritten system information, data duplication, or event corruption. This update revises Syslog parsing and merging for the Syslog output to align with other output types, resolving this inconsistency. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7185[LOG-7185])

* Before this update, the cluster logging installation page contained an incorrect URL to the installation steps in the documentation. With this update, the link has been corrected, resolving the issue and helping users successfully navigate to the documentation. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-6760[LOG-6760])

> * Before this update, the API documentation about default settings of the tuning delivery mode for log forwarding lacked clarity and sufficient detail. This could lead to users experiencing difficulty in understanding or optimally configuring these settings for their logging pipelines. With this update, the documentation has been revised to provide more comprehensive and clearer guidance on tuning delivery mode default settings, resolving potential ambiguities. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7131[LOG-7131])

Reviewer: Do we want to sort the issues by their key?

* Before this update, the API documentation about default settings of the tuning delivery mode for log forwarding lacked clarity and sufficient detail. This could lead to users experiencing difficulty in understanding or optimally configuring these settings for their logging pipelines. With this update, the documentation has been revised to provide more comprehensive and clearer guidance on tuning delivery mode default settings, resolving potential ambiguities. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7131[LOG-7131])

* Before this update, merging data from the `message` field into the root of a Syslog log event caused the log event to be inconsistent with the ViaQ data model. The inconsistency could lead to overwritten system information, data duplication, or event corruption. This update revises Syslog parsing and merging for the Syslog output to align with other output types, resolving this inconsistency. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7185[LOG-7185])

> * Before this update, log forwarding failed if you configured a cluster-wide proxy with a URL containing a username with an encoded "@" symbol; for example "user%40name". This update resolves the issue by adding correct support for URL-encoded values in proxy configurations. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7188[LOG-7188])

Reviewer 2: Per style guide:
```suggestion
* Before this update, log forwarding failed if you configured a cluster-wide proxy with a URL containing a username with an encoded at sign (`@`); for example `user%40name`. This update resolves the issue by adding correct support for URL-encoded values in proxy configurations. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-7188[LOG-7188])
```

Author: done
